all righty guys a couple days ago a
couple of weeks ago actually I think I
was about two weeks ago I ordered some
stuff from an ad that was actually on
one of my videos
it's from the survivalist
something-or-other the FPA anyway here's
the card that I got so anyway it's a
survivalist thing whatever you want to
call it whatever it comes with these
stickers you're supposed to put on your
vehicle so that people know that you
belong to this club whatever I don't
know how in detail I'm gonna get on this
but so anyway I'll show you guys what I
got in here really quick it's a pretty
cool strip stuff this is a let's call
ever strike I don't know if you guys can
even see that yeah right about there
anyway ever strike what you do and I
haven't done this yet guys and I'll get
into that here in a second but you fill
this up with a little bit of fluid and
then right on the side you got your you
got your striker and then when you're
done you just screw this back on it's
got a seal on here
pretty pretty quality I mean it's it's
very light very lightweight like
extremely lightweight and it looks like
it's got like a little wick on the
bottom of this thing and like I said
it's got that nice rubber seal on there
and it just screws right onto the top
here like this and seals it down it's
not a little keychain although I don't
know how secure that is that doesn't
seem very nice but anyway we'll get into
this I got my little bit of my Ronson
all lighter fluid for my Zippos I don't
have zippers really anymore I have a
couple of them I just don't use them
anymore and then I also got this guys
this is a pretty
comes in a nice little case you guys can
see here nice little case it's a knife
and we'll get the unboxing in here but
you know this is a
Hoffmann Richter knife right there there
you go yeah pretty nice knife so all
right open it you just like that and
then just fold it up pretty heavy nice
guys this one here is this is a very
heavy knife I would say it probably
weighs about two maybe well maybe a
pound or two I guess you can say yeah
maybe a little more than a pound
you could hear it's pretty solid
and it's got a nice blade on there and
again like I said it is a the hell is
that
Hoffman and Richter or something Hoffman
Richter whatever we'll give it one more
close-up shot here of it if I can get it
and apparently I can't get it so cool so
anyway I got that and I'm gonna go ahead
and I'm gonna fill these up with with
fluid each one of them I got two of them
got two of him I'm gonna fill those up
with fluid and I'm gonna get back to you
guys
all righty guys it's been about five
minutes you're supposed to fill this
fill these and let them soak for five
minutes
you only told him three quarters of them
sorry guys you only fill them about 3/4
of the way up and then so you can
obviously when you put this in you're
gonna have food coming off and actually
I didn't do it quite right because I
actually had a little bit of food coming
out so anyway we're gonna go ahead and
and just pop this off you set this back
just a little bit here pop this off
and strip like this make sure you hold
it down and then
yeah ever strike
of course I'm probably not doing it
right guys
there we go and then when you're done
you just simply blow it out so it works
I'm probably I probably didn't let it
soak in long enough guys you're supposed
to let it soak in five minutes I well I
suppose I did let it soak in for at
least five minutes but you know initial
use you probably have to let it soak in
a little bit longer but that's so that's
how that works guys survival lies I
don't know if y'all can see that it's a
rival life by ever strike again so
that's pretty cool got those two and
again this knife guys this knife I can't
grant that I haven't used it yet but
just got it should say put I'm opening
it the wrong way right now one for real
so anyway guys so that's my that's my
little haul here and like I said I
actually found this on an ad on my own
video on my own video is where I found
this stuff that guys and it was like I
don't know two dollars and ninety five
cents shipping for this stuff you get
them for free and then it was like ten
dollars shipping for the night so but of
course you got a you got a sign up and
it's I think it's like twenty dollars a
month for the for the assurance protect
whatever I don't even fucking know what
kind of benefits you get out of the deal
but whatever so there it is guys
and yeah just figured I'd show you guys
that really quick thanks for watching I
appreciate it and as always guys peace